Project Title: WiFi Attack and Password Recovery

Project Description:

In this project, we will explore the process of conducting a WiFi attack and recovering a password using a combination of hardware and software tools. This project is designed for educational purposes to better understand the vulnerabilities of WiFi networks and the importance of securing them.

Requirements:

A WiFi card with monitor mode and packet injection capability.
A Linux machine, preferably Kali Linux, or any other Linux distribution.
Tools Used:

Aircrack-ng
Project Steps:

Step 1: Initial Setup

Ensure you have a WiFi card that supports monitor mode and packet injection.
Set up a Linux machine (Kali Linux is recommended) with the necessary drivers and software installed.
Step 2: Pre-Automation

Run the "preAutomate.sh" script.
The script will help you identify the target WiFi network.
Note down the channel number (under "ch") and BSSID (under "bssid").
This step is crucial as it allows you to capture the handshake required for the attack.
bash
Copy code
./preAutomate.sh
Step 3: Capture Handshake

Use CTRL+C to exit the "preAutomate.sh" script once you have identified the target and captured the handshake.
Step 4: Deauthenticate Devices

Run the "postAutomate.sh" script.
This script sends deauthentication packets to devices connected to the target WiFi network, forcing them to disconnect temporarily.
bash
Copy code
./postAutomate.sh
Step 5: Password Recovery

Run the "attack.sh" script.
This script launches the attack to crack the WiFi password using the captured handshake and other techniques.
Be patient, as the time required for this step may vary depending on the complexity of the password.
bash
Copy code
./attack.sh
Step 6: Password Recovery

After successfully running the "attack.sh" script, you should have the WiFi password.
Note: This project is intended for educational purposes only. It's essential to obtain proper authorization before attempting any WiFi attacks. Unauthorized access to computer networks is illegal and unethical.

Happy Hacking! :)
